In this challenge, we are going to start using JavaScript in our restaurant application, seeing how it works together with the other technologies we have been using so far. Starting with our previous restaurant challenges, we are now going to add some interactivity on the website: add a button which allows a user to add a new restaurant to the website, entirely on the client-side. In other words, create a button which gets some input from the user (like the restaurant name), and, when the user submits the button, do something with JavaScript to change what is displayed (manipulate the DOM), without ever talking to the server. Note that you do not need jquery or any other 3rd-party libraries to do this.


Walk-Through:
If you don't have a working version of of Restaurants (W4C1), you can either finish that up, or start with Fabi's version (attached). The best way to work from his code is to log into GitHub and "fork" the code, which will create a copy of his repository in your GitHub account for you to use. Then, go to your own computer and "clone" the repository, so that you can work with it locally. Check that everything works.

Once you have a version of the restaurants website running - either Fabi's or your own - add some JavaScript to it, making sure that the whole setup works. There are some instructions below from MDN called "Use JavaScript within a webpage". Remember that if you are printing using the console.log() function, you will have to open your browser's console to see the output of your JavaScript.

Ok, now you should have a full-stack Python application running on your own computer, complete with a database in sqlite3, a backed in Python generating HTML, and some JavaScript the client can execute (e.g. which the browser can run). Add an HTML form which gets some user input, and create a button which calls some JavaScript when it is clicked. You are getting close. All you need now is to connect these two things, so that the user's input is read by the javascript, and have the javascript generate some HTML and input it to the DOM. The JavaScript method getElementByID() - which we also used in class - allows JavaScript to read the form's input values. Once you have a JavaScript variable with the value of the user's input (e.g. the name of a restaurant), you should be able to use some of the functionality we looked at in the examples in class to add some HTML to your document's body - that is, to list the restaurant which the user just input, entirely on the client.